# Terms and Conditions

_Terms and conditions under this directory are directly copied from [GSA Auctions](https://gsaauctions.gov/gsaauctions/aucpregn)_.

Notice: GSA Auctions℠ offers for sale personal property (e.g. vehicles, computers, heavy equipment, jewelry, furniture, etc.) and real property (real estate). Please note that these Online Sale Terms and Conditions apply to personal property ONLY. Real property sales have separate terms and conditions as specified in the Invitation for Bids (IFB) prepared for each sale. Users/Bidders must complete the Bidder Registration and Bid Form included in the IFB and provide the specified deposit such as bid deposit and performance bond before they will be allowed to bid on that property.

Warning: GSA reserves the right to change the online sale terms and conditions. Bidders are cautioned to periodically review these terms and conditions for possible updates and changes. If a bidder does not agree to the presented terms and conditions they cannot place bids on property. If for any reason GSA Auctions℠ believes that the bidder has not complied with these Terms and Conditions, GSA may at its sole discretion cancel your registration and forward an e-mail to the address currently on file stating that the account has been terminated. Terms and Conditions apply to all users with registered accounts.

By accepting the GSA Auctions℠ Terms and Conditions, bidders are also agreeing to the General Sales Terms and Conditions (Standard Form 114C, April 2001). To view pdf files, you need Adobe's Acrobat Reader. Download Adobe Reader for free, if you do not have it already. The General Sales Terms and Conditions define in detail Inspection: Condition and Location of Property; Consideration of Bids; Forms of Bid Deposits and Payments; Bid Price Determination; Payment; Title; Delivery, Loading and Removal of Property; Defaults; Setoff of Refunds; Interest; Adjustment for Variation in Quantity or Weight; Weighing Switching and Spotting; Risk of Loss, Limitation on Governments Liability; Oral Statements and Modifications; Covenant Against Contingent Fees; Official not to Benefit; Certificate of Independent Price Determination; Assignments of Claims Liability; Withdrawal of Property After Award.

Terms & Conditions Effective Date: 04/30/2017 
GSA reserves the right to change the online sale terms and conditions. Bidders are cautioned to periodically review these terms and conditions for possible changes.

Currently, our terms and conditons regards the following parts:

- [Bidder Information and Registration](./bidder.md)
- [Bidding](./bidding.md)
- [Contract Disputes](./contract-disputes.md)
- [Payment & Removal](./payment-removal.md)
- [Special Notes](./notes.md)

## Individual Registration

GSA Auctions℠ uses Experian's Precise ID for Account Opening (with credit card verification and knowledge based questions) to authenticate the identity of Individual registrants. To be eligible for Experian’s identity authentication, individuals must have a Social Security Number (SSN) and a U.S. Mailing Address (including U.S. territories). No P.O. Box address will be accepted unless accompanied by a street address.

Bidders registering as an individual will be asked to "Agree" via electronic acceptance to the Fair Credit Reporting Act authorizing GSA Auctions℠ to obtain information from the bidder's personal credit profile or other information (explained below) from Experian. Please be advised that when an identity verification request is made by Experian, they may use information in the bidder's credit report to verify the identity. As a result, bidders may see an entry called a "soft inquiry" on their Experian Credit Report. This will show an inquiry by the General Services Administration with our address and the date of the request. Soft inquiries do not affect credit scores and no charges will be incurred related to them. Soft inquiries are displayed in the version of the credit profile viewable only to consumers and are not reported to lenders. The soft inquiry will generally be removed from the credit report after 25 months. Once the identity has been verified, no additional soft inquiries will be made when using the eAuthentication account unless multiple registration attempts are made.

Both credit and noncredit information will be used to generate knowledge-based questions and verify identities. The categories of information being generated by Experian are Biographic, Telecommunication, Employer, Education, Financial (including credit information received from credit reporting agencies, including utilities and loans, but not information on foreclosures, tax liens, or bankruptcies), Government Records, and Auto. Both financial and utility account checks are done to conform to NIST guidelines.

## Company Registration

GSA Auctions℠ uses Experian's BizID to perform a risk analysis on information provided on a business. The data assets utilized for the analysis on a business include business name, Employer Identification Number (EIN) or the Tax Identification Number (TIN) associated with the business, address (no P.O. Box address will be accepted unless accompanied by a street address), phone, and Tax ID assets.